Additional Crons docs improvements (#6530)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/crons/getting-started/index.mdx

title: Set Up
sidebar_order: 0
redirect_from:
  - /product/crons/alerts/

> description: "Get started with Sentry's Cron Monitoring, which allows you to monitor the uptime and performance of any scheduled, recurring job."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to set up Sentry's Cron Monitoring using our CLI, HTTP, and supported SDKs."
```

---

> To set up Sentry Crons, use the links below for supported SDKs or use the Sentry CLI. After set up, you'll be able to receive alerts if your job fails to run at its scheduled time or doesn't execute successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Sentry Crons, use the links below for supported SDKs or the Sentry CLI. After it's been set up, you'll be able to receive alerts if your job fails to run at its scheduled time or doesn't execute successfully.
```

## Supported SDKs

- [PHP](/platforms/php/crons/)
  - [Laravel](/platforms/php/guides/laravel/crons/)
- [Python](/platforms/python/crons/)
  - [Celery](/platforms/python/guides/celery/crons/)

<Alert level="note" title="Don't see your platform?">

> We are are working on enabling additional platforms for Crons. Meanwhile, you can use the Sentry CLI or via HTTP to set up monitoring for your jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're working on enabling additional platforms for Crons. In the meantime, you can use the Sentry CLI or HTTP to set up monitoring for your jobs.
```
